James/homepage (#882)
starknet-io/starknet-docs: components/Starknet/modules/ROOT/pages/index.adoc

[id="overview"]
= Overview

> Starknet is a permissionless, decentralized zero-knowledge rollup (ZK rollup) for Ethereum. It operates as a Layer 2 (L2), enabling any dApp to achieve unlimited scale for its computation without compromising on Ethereum’s composability

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Starknet is a permissionless, decentralized zero-knowledge rollup (ZK rollup) for Ethereum. It operates as a Layer 2 (L2) blockchain, enabling any dApp to achieve unlimited scale for its computation without compromising on Ethereum’s composability
```

and security.

> Starknet achieves low cost transactions and high performance by using its own cryptographic proof system called STARK. Starknet contracts and the Starknet OS are written in link:https://github.com/starkware-libs/cairo[Cairo], a custom-built and

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Starknet achieves secure low cost transactions and high performance by using the STARK cryptographic proof system. Starknet contracts and the Starknet OS are written in link:https://github.com/starkware-libs/cairo[Cairo], a custom-built and
```

I'm not sure that it's correct to say that STARKs are Starknet's own system. Other chains can use them as well, not to mention StarkEx.

specialized programming language.

== Explore Starknet

[pass]
++++
<div class="home-cta-container">
  <a href="https://docs.starknet.io/documentation/quick_start/environment_setup/" class="home-cta home-cta-first" id="cta1">
    <div class="image-container">
      <img src="_images/developers.svg" style="filter: none; border-radius: 0px;" class="cta-image">
    </div>
    <h2>Quick start</h2>
    <p class="chakra-card__body css-jintet">Set up your environment and get started with Starknet.</p>

>     <p class="chakra-card__body css-jintet">Explore ></p>

Reviewer: Can you make these bold or otherwise stand out?

Author: Add bolder and slightly larger font to highlight

  </a>

  <a href="https://docs.starknet.io/documentation/architecture_and_concepts/Network_Architecture/header/" class="home-cta" id="cta2">
    <div class="image-container">
      <img src="_images/how_SN_works.svg" style="filter: none; border-radius: 0px;" class="cta-image">
    </div>
    <h2>Architecture</h2>
    <p class="chakra-card__body css-jintet">Learn about Starknet's architecture including contracts and accounts.</p>
    <p class="chakra-card__body css-jintet">Explore ></p>
  </a>

  <a href="https://docs.starknet.io/documentation/starknet_versions/version_notes/" class="home-cta" id="cta3">
    <div class="image-container">
      <img src="_images/roadmap.svg" style="filter: none; border-radius: 0px;" class="cta-image">
    </div>
    <h2>Releases</h2>
    <p class="chakra-card__body css-jintet">Learn more about the current version of Starknet.</p>
    <p class="chakra-card__body css-jintet">Explore ></p>
  </a>
</div>
++++

== Developer tools and resources

> [pass]

Reviewer: I think you can achieve the same formatting here using AsciiDoc tables. https://docs.asciidoctor.org/asciidoc/latest/tables/borders/

Did you already try this before resorting to HTML?

Author: Yes, due to other CSS in the theme it's not straight forward to style this way using the native asciidoc tables
